CSE 111 Proposal for a Student Chosen Program

    (This is a proposal. All proposals are written with our best
    knowledge at the beginning of a project. As we progress from the
    beginning to the end of a project, we gain more knowledge, and we
    change some of our proposed ideas. This is part of completing any
    project and is fine.  However, we still must write a proposal so
    that our teachers or supervisors know what we intend to do. Please
    answer each of the following questions to the best of your
    knowledge.)

1. What is the title of your program?  
    Simple Task Manager

2. What real-world problem will your program address or help to solve? 
    Managing tasks and deadlines efficiently. Helps users keep track of tasks, 
    set deadlines, and prioritize their work.

3. What will you learn from developing this program?
    Task scheduling and management
    Handling dates and times in Python

4. What Python modules will your program use?
    datetime (for handling dates and times)
    csv (for storing tasks in a file)

    (Some examples are: csv, datetime, functools, matplotlib, math,
    pandas, pytest, random, requests, and tkinter.)

5. List the names of functions you will need?
    add_task(task_description, deadline): Adds a new task with a description and deadline.
    view_tasks(): Displays the list of tasks along with their deadlines.
    complete_task(task_id): Marks a task as completed.
    remove_task(task_id): Removes a task from the list.
    priority_task(task_id, priority): Sets the priority level for a task.

    (Remember that the most reusable functions don't get user input and
    don't print results but instead have parameters and return a result.
    Functions that get user input and print results are important and do
    useful work but are not easily reusable.)

    (Remember also that it's hard to test functions that get user input
    and print results. It's easy to test functions that don't get user
    input and don't print results but instead have parameters and return
    a result. Therefore, you should write most of your program functions
    to have parameters and return a result.)

6. List the names of the test functions you will write.
    test_add_task(): Tests the functionality of adding tasks.
    test_view_tasks(): Tests the functionality of viewing tasks.
    test_complete_task(): Tests the functionality of completing tasks.
    test_remove_task(): Tests the functionality of removing tasks.
    test_priority_task(): Tests the functionality of setting task priorities.

